Now, inside each of these pipeline stages,
there's a conversation
happening. And every conversation you have
follows a five-step framework.
Step one is the intro, where you set
expectations.
You tell them who you are, why you're
calling, and what they'll get out of the
conversation.
Step two is the fact find, where you ask
questions, qualify, and listen.
This is where you should be spending about
80% of your conversation time.
And notice I said talking about the person,
not the house.
Step three is the pitch, where you present
what BMH does.
This is actually the only part of the
conversation that's really about the property and
the transaction itself.
Step four is the offer, where you transition
toward next steps.
For you, that usually means teeing up the
handoff rather than throwing out a number.
And step five is the close, where you get
commitment.
That might be setting an appointment with
the acquisition team, getting agreement to
receive an offer, or just locking in a firm
follow-up time.
Here's the thing that ties all this
together.
The pipeline stages are the organizational
structure.
They tell you where a lead is in the overall
process.
The five-step framework is how you actually
execute within each conversation.
Pipeline stages move leads forward through
the system.
Conversation steps move each individual call
forward.
One more thing, and this is important.
About 80% of your conversation should not
be about the property.
Only about 20% should actually be about the
house itself.
The rest is intro, rapport building, fact
finding, understanding the person.
Because the house is not the problem, the
person's situation is the problem.
Your job is to find the solution to their
problem, and the house just happens to be the
vehicle for that solution.
New people make the mistake of jumping straight
to, tell me about the house, and trying
to race toward an offer as fast as possible.
Don't do that. Slow down.
Build the relationship.
Actually care about what's going on.
The deals will follow.
Alright, let's keep going.
Next up, we're going to break down exactly
how to open a call and run a fact find.